Update overview.md (#255)
grafana/agent: docs/overview.md

experience closest to its official counterparts compared to alternatives which
may try to reimplement everything from scratch.

### Why not just use Telegraf?
Telegraf is a fantastic project and was actually considered as an alternative to 

> building a custom Prometheus scraper and agent.

Reviewer: Hmm, I don't want to give the impression that we've built a custom Prometheus scraper here. Maybe we should just say something like

```
as an alternative to building our own agent
```

WDYT?

Author: Sounds good to me!

It could work, but ultimately it was not chosen due to lacking service discovery 
and metadata label propagation.
While these features could theoretically be added to Telegraf as OSS contributions, 
there would be a lot of forced hacks involved due to its current design.

Additonally, Telegraf is a much larger project with its own goals for its community,
so any changes need to fit the general use cases it was designed for.

With the Grafana Cloud Agent as its own project, we can deliver a more curated agent 

> specifically designed to work seamlessly with GrafanaCloud and other 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specifically designed to work seamlessly with Grafana Cloud and other 
```

I think Grafana Cloud is two words, though now I'm not 100% sure :)

Author: It's two words at https://grafana.com/docs/grafana-cloud/ so I'll say yes :D

> remote_write compatible Prometheus endpoints as well as Loki for logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`remote_write` compatible Prometheus endpoints as well as Loki for logs
```
